[Elastic Cloud] SAML SSO: clarify one IdP per organization limit (#7408)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/users-roles/cloud-organization/configure-saml-authentication.md

Before you configure SAML SSO, familiarize yourself with the following risks and considerations:

> * Elastic Cloud SAML SSO organization-level configuration only supports one IdP at a time. If you need mutiple IdPs, consider using separate organizations. Review [](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/manage-multiple-organizations.md) for more guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {{ecloud}} SAML SSO organization-level configuration only supports one IdP at a time. If you need multiple IdPs, consider using separate organizations. Review [](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/manage-multiple-organizations.md) for more guidance.
```
